After calling the `POST` `/v1/dubbing/create_content` API to get the `upload_uri`, the user has to upload the content to the `upload_uri`.

To get an idea how to upload the content (audio/video) to `upload_uri`, refer to `Upload.js` file in this directory. In that `Upload.js` file replace the `uploadUri` variable with the `upload_uri` you got after calling the `POST` `/v1/dubbing/create_content`. Also replace the `filePath` variable in the `Upload.js` with the full path name of file that you want to upload. You don't need to use api_key for uploading the file. Please make sure you upload a video only if you called the `POST` `/v1/dubbing/create_content` with `content_sub_type` equals to `video` and a audio only if `content_sub_type` was `audio` while calling the `POST` `/v1/dubbing/create_content`. On Successful upload the `Upload.js` will give back status_code 200.

After uploading the file you can call the `GET` `/v1/dubbing/source_languages` API to get language code for all the source languages available and `GET` `/v1/dubbing/target_languages` API to get language code for all the target languages.

Once You have finalised the source_language and target_languages, you need to call the `POST` `/v1/dubbing/start_job/<content_id>` API. replace the <content_id> in the url with the same content_id that you received after calling the `POST` `/v1/dubbing/create_content` API. If the upload was successful and complete it will say that dubbing has started otherwise it will tell you that content is not yet uploaded.

After starting the job, you can check the status of jobs with the help of `GET` `/v1/dubbing/status/<content_id>` API. Once dubbing is done you can download the content. In case of video one can download the all five contents `video`, `vocal`, `srt`, `mix_audio` and `background_files` while in case of audio all except `video` can be downloaded due to obvious reasons. One can also download the original language srt by mentioning the target_language code as source_language after all the jobs are done. To download the content, refer to `Download.js` in this directory. For Downloading the content we will be using `GET` `/v1/dubbing/download_content/<content_id>` API. In the file, replace the <api_key> with your api_key and <content_id> with the required content_id. Also make sure to replace the `target_language` and `output_file` in the query_params as per need. As the value of `outputPath` string, enter the full path of the file where content needs to be downloaded. For `video` `output_file` name of the file where content needs to be downloaded should have extension `.mp4`, for `srt` download `.srt` extension should be used and for all other audio types `.wav` extension should be used. Running the `Download.js` will download the content to the `outputPath` if content is ready or it will send 400 BAD_REQUEST.

If you need to restart a job if some job fails, use the `POST` `/v1/dubbing/restart/<content_id>` API with required content_id and other values.
